c:\users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\bin\Debug\NewProject.Droid.dll
c:\users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\bin\Debug\NewProject.Droid.pdb
c:\users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\bin\Debug\NewProject.Droid.apk
c:\users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\bin\Debug\NewProject.Droid-Signed.apk
c:\users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
c:\users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\bin\Debug\NewProject.dll
c:\users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
c:\users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
c:\users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
c:\users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
c:\users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
c:\users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\bin\Debug\NewProject.pdb
c:\users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\obj\Debug\NewProject.Droid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\obj\Debug\NewProject.Droid.dll
c:\users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\obj\Debug\NewProject.Droid.pdb
c:\users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\obj\Debug\android\bin\NewProject.Droid.apk
c:\users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
c:\users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\Users\sneha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\Users\sneha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
c:\Users\sneha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\Users\sneha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.pdb
c:\Users\sneha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\Users\sneha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.pdb
c:\Users\sneha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\Users\sneha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
c:\Users\sneha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
c:\Users\sneha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
c:\Users\sneha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
C:\Users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
C:\Users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
C:\Users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
C:\Users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
C:\Users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
C:\Users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
C:\Users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
C:\Users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
C:\Users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
C:\Users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
C:\Users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll.mdb
C:\Users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll.mdb
C:\Users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll.mdb
C:\Users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll.mdb
C:\Users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\bin\Debug\SQLite-net.dll
C:\Users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\bin\Debug\SQLitePCL.raw.dll
C:\Users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\bin\Debug\SQLite-net.dll.mdb
C:\Users\sneha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable\msg.png
C:\Users\sneha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable\notification.png
C:\Users\sneha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable\pd_1.png
C:\Users\sneha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable\home.png
C:\Users\sneha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\bin\Debug\NewProject.dll.mdb
C:\Users\sneha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\obj\Debug\NewProject.Droid.dll.mdb
C:\Users\sneha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject.Droid\bin\Debug\NewProject.Droid.dll.mdb
